## 2023-05-31 CAC-DC-Image Meeting

* Date and time: [May 31, 2023, 20:00-20:30 UTC](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CAC+Meeting+DC+Image+Processing&iso=20230531T20&p1=1440&ah=1)

### Attendents

* Sunil Shende (Timekeeper) - SS
* Josh Moore (Notetaker) - JM
* Erick Ratamero - ER
* Toby Hodges - TH
* Ulf Schiller (Facilitator) - US

### Agenda

* Curriculum advisor's check-in (cf. message from Toby Hodges)
    * There is still time to fill it in! https://forms.gle/WcLgcKrsbo2WfWJ38
    * SS: other work has arisen, may need to step away.
    * TH: process is going generally well. Will start actioning where people indicated a desire to step away
* Transition to Workbench (US)
    * Carpentries have transitioned to a new "lesson infrastructure" (running with R)
      - Commits build the new websites and maintainers need take new additional actions.
    * dc-image transitioned without issues.
    * TH: Busy couple of months for the Curriculum Team!
    * US: easier for instructors to pick up on specific notes, etc. thanks to the two different views (Content is unchanged)
    * Questions? None.
    * TH: One addition for the CAC is that the lesson website source repository has changed, but should be easier to contribute to. Less confusing and overwhelming. Hopefully more people can get involved in development. Perhaps even parallel versions of the curriculum for different types of data.
    * US: blog post for contributions to the instructor notes. (TH: ended on the 19th. Not a tremendous amount of engagement, but gave everyone a dedicated time to work on this.)
* Lesson Program Governance Committees (US; 20:18 UTC)
    * Covering all of the Data Carpentries (and other branches are covered by similar committees)
    * See this blog post for more details of background, role these committees take in community governance, etc https://carpentries.org/blog/2022/11/lesson-program-governance/
    * Coordinating between advisory groups and the core teams.
    * US is a member but the committee has not met yet.
    * Especially of value if there are other branches of the image processing curriculum.
    * TH: Software carpentry committee has been the most active. A desire to discuss the division of responsibilities came out of that. (What are the decisions for the CAC and what for the governance committe?) Such conversations can be more complicated for the governance committees because of the breadth.
    * Luis Villanueva is the Chair, Iva Momcheva the Secretary
    * ER: Agree that that is likely the first question that needs tackling.
    * US: See CAC having freedom for the lesson, but the overarching committee can look at how overlaps/gaps exist.
* Other topics
    * JM: had brought up the fact that several folks ("NEUBIAS") are off creating materials. Is that in scope? Needs some brainstorming.
    * US: incubator would be a good target
    * ER: good to have a place to register these materials (JM: existing funding)
